# Twitter

- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/), Inc. was an American social media company based in San Francisco, California. The company operated the social networking service Twitter and previously the Vine short video app and Periscope livestreaming service. 

- Twitter, rebranding to X in July 2023, is an online social media and social networking service operated by the American company X Corp., the successor of Twitter, Inc. On Twitter, registered users can post texts, images and videos. Users can post (tweet), like, repost (or retweet), comment and quote posts, and direct message other registered users. Users interact with Twitter through browser or mobile frontend software, or programmatically via its application programming interfaces (APIs).

- Twitter was created in March 2006 by Jack Dorsey, Noah Glass, Biz Stone, and Evan Williams. It was launched in July of that year. Its former parent company, Twitter, Inc., was based in San Francisco, California, and had more than 25 offices around the world. By 2012, more than 100 million users produced 340 million tweets a day, and the service handled an average of 1.6 billion search queries per day. In 2013, it was one of the ten most-visited websites and has been described as "the SMS of the Internet" By the start of 2019, Twitter had more than 330 million monthly active users. In practice, the vast majority of tweets are produced by a minority of users. In 2020, it was estimated that approximately 48 million accounts (15% of all accounts) were not genuine people

- In October 2022, billionaire Elon Musk acquired Twitter for US$44 billion, gaining control of the platform and becoming CEO. Since the acquisition, the platform has been criticized for facilitating an increase in content containing hate speech. Linda Yaccarino succeeded Musk as CEO on June 5, 2023, with Musk remaining as Chairman and CTO. In July 2023, Musk announced that Twitter would be rebranded to X and that the bird logo would be phased out.

# Twitter Stock Market Analysis

- Twitter started its journey in the stock market in 2013. So to analyze the complete timeline of Twitter in the stock market, we need the stock price data of Twitter from 2013 to 2022.

- As of March 31, 2023, Twitter, Inc. was acquired by X Corp. Twitter, Inc. operates as a platform for public self-expression and conversation. It enables users to consume, create, distribute, and discover content about the topics and events they care about and helps people discover what’s happening through text, images, on-demand and live video, and audio from people, content partners, media organizations, advertisers, and others. The company also offers products and services for advertisers, including Promoted Ads, which are labeled as promoted and appear within a timeline, search results, profile pages, and Tweet conversations; Follower Ads, which provide a way for advertisers to build and grow an audience that is interested in their business, product, or service; and Twitter Takeover, which appears at the top of the list of trending topics or timeline for an entire day in a particular country. In addition, it offers products for developers and data partners, including the Twitter Developer Platform, which empowers developers around the world to build tools for people and businesses using a public application programming interface. The company was founded in 2006 and is based in San Francisco, California.
